gpu: More tests and docs around Post Processing (#9011)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/gpu_av_post_process.md

When tracking data for Post Process, we need both information from `vkCmdBindDescriptorSets` and `vkCmdBindPipeline` (or shader objects), but not all are present at the same time.

> We have the `VkDescriptorSet` object contain a buffer with a `PostProcessDescriptorIndexSlot` for each descriptor in it. This "descriptor index slot" hold the information that is only known at GPU execution time (which index, which OpVariable, etc). For each action command, we create a LUT buffer that will point to the addresses for each post processing buffers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `VkDescriptorSet` object contains a buffer with a `PostProcessDescriptorIndexSlot` for each descriptor in it. This "descriptor index slot" holds information that can only be known at GPU execution time (which index, OpVariable, etc... are used). For each action command, we create a LUT mapping XXX to YYY.
```

> The pipelines contain the `OpVariable` SPIR-V information which is wrapped up in a `BindingVariableMap` pointer. We need this to know which variable was actually accessed in the case there are alias descriptors.

Reviewer: New text needs to be proofread. Add a definition for `PostProcessDescriptorIndexSlot`. Ping me after!

Author: done
